okay Gundam casters this is a video
review of that H see em pro Rick Dom
special colors from Bandai this is a 1 /
let me see you yeah 21 / 200 scale
figure from Bandai it's a call it a HCM
pro it's supposed to be a high complete
model progressive but the only thing
that you kind of do is cut its weapons
off of trees and stuff but let's go into
the figure the first thing why did I buy
this figure i bought this in the summer
of 2010 and i got a at image anime was
dirty bucks which at that time i was
buying a lot of gundam so i picked it up
because it was dirty bucks it seemed
like a good buy for me
what accessories does it come with comes
with this is a little plug that you put
in the back so that you can fit the beam
saber on
this is this is not a beam saber this is
a heat rod that's why it's yellow not
pink and it has a little plug here so
you can plug into the back the right
down
like so
it's not plugged all the way in because
I have more accessories to show this is
the hand with the beam saber as you can
see it is a beam saber because it's not
yellow it's kind of green
this awesome bazooka which has some
decals on it here and here you don't
have to apply these one of the great
things about HCM pro is that they come
with labels applied already both the
motive mobile suit and sometimes some of
its weapons like this this hand is
molded into the into the bazooka it has
a little ball joint here that you can
plug into the wrist of the action figure
action figure model kit these two extra
hands ones open or they're both open
that jar
like the new gundam they're not for show
therefore potent for posing so cha cha
now let's take a look at the action
figure model kit as you can see like I
already mentioned with the weapons there
are various labels already applied to
the action figure
the most impressive one is this
it is also applied here on the back
skirt
some here in here by in terms of
articulation please move the arms can
move out and the shoulder rotates all
the way around see there's a ball joint
there it's a metal painted swivel here
and the arm can bend that much the head
can't look up could look a bit side to
side the cool thing is that there is
like a plastic glass there's a plastic
glass over to mono i but the mono I
moves with the head the torso has a
joint here and can only turn so much
because of this skirt armor moves a
little bit up and down these on the side
a little bit
because of the skirt armor the legs can
go up that much but they can bend that
and you got
get the ankles whose side to side move
forward back
so what's my final verdict for this
action figure it's it's good I wish the
HCM probes were in 30 bucks but I got
some that i'll be reviewing later for
about 23 dollars that's a good price but
it's still a little expensive these
items have been discontinued I guess
probably due to their poor sales but i'm
sure a lot of people didn't buy these
because of the price I mean for thirty
dollars i could get a non grade 11
hundred kit that's and that's way bigger
and as articulated as this and i can
fancy it up as much as i want so should
you buy this enough for $23 yes for
thirty dollars only if you want to and
if you're watching this review you
probably want to this is Ares deloitte
III for the Gundam cast and I'll see you
out there in space because it's the
place
you